Fix - tablereport plots fail when dataframe contains $$ as values (#2154)
skrub-data/skrub: CHANGES.rst

- An error that could arise when calling ``score`` on a ``SkrubLearner`` that
  contains an inner transformer that has a ``score`` method has been fixed.
  :pr:`2052` by :user:`Jérôme Dockès <jeromedockes>`.

>   An error that could arise when generating the frame with reports may fail when text is containing $$ has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An error that could arise when running `TableReport` on dataframes containing
  double dollar (`$$`) signs has been fixed.
```

>   :pr:`2097` by :user:`Katerina Michenina <Michenina-Lab>`, :user: `<CecilyTS>`, :user: `Eve Rabin <eve2705>`.

Reviewer: 2097 is the issue number, not the PR number! This is PR 2154 (cf. URL)
